Add documentations for new MSTest rules (#40076)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/mstest-analyzers/mstest0017.md

| **Category**                        | Usage                                                               |
| **Fix is breaking or non-breaking** | Non-breaking                                                        |
| **Enabled by default**              | Yes                                                                 |
| **Default severity**                | Info                                                                |
| **Introduced in version**           | 3.4.0                                                               |

## Cause

This rule raises an issue when calls to `Assert.AreEqual`, `Assert.AreNotEqual`, `Assert.AreSame` or `Assert.AreNotSame` are following one or multiple of the patterns below:

- `actual` argument is a constant or literal value
- `actual` argument variable starts with `expected`, `_expected` or `Expected`
- `expected` or `notExpected` argument variable starts with `actual`
- `actual` is not a local variable

## Rule description

MSTest `Assert.AreEqual`, `Assert.AreNotEqual`, `Assert.AreSame` and `Assert.AreNotSame` expect the first argument to be the expected/unexpected value and the second argument to be the actual value.

> Having the expected value and the actual value in the wrong order will not alter the outcome of tests, (succeed/fail when it should) but the error messages will contain misleading information.

Reviewer: nit: 

```suggestion
Having the expected value and the actual value in the wrong order will not alter the outcome of tests (succeed/fail when it should), but the error messages will contain misleading information.
```

Reviewer: Or maybe 
```suggestion
Having the expected value and the actual value in the wrong order will not alter the outcome of the test (succeeds/fails when it should), but the assertion failure will contain misleading information.
```
